added docs changes for Apache, Apache Tomcat, Haproxy, IIS-10, Nginx, Nginx Ingress, Nginx Plus and Nginx Plus Ingress (#5017)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/web-servers/apache-tomcat.md

This section provides instructions for configuring log and metric collection for the Sumo Logic app for Apache Tomcat. Configuring log and metric collection for the Apache Tomcat app includes the following tasks.

> ### Step 1: Fields in Sumo Logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Configure fields in Sumo Logic
```

Reviewer: Let the title remain same to maintain the consistently. Additionally, we are talking about the fields that are created automatically, whereas in previous case it was a manual effort.

> Following fields will always be created automatically as a part of app installation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the app installation process, the following fields will created by default:
```

> As part of the app installation process, the following fields will created by default:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As part of the app installation process, the following fields will be created by default:
```

* `component`
* `environment`
* `webserver_system`
* `webserver_farm`
* `pod`

> If you're using Apache Tomcat in a Kubernetes environment, these additional fields will get created automatically as a part of app installation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you are using Apache Tomcat in the Kubernetes environment, these following additional fields will be created by default as a part of app installation process:
```

> Additionally, if you are using Apache Tomcat in the Kubernetes environment, these following additional fields will be created by default as a part of the app installation process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you're using Apache Tomcat in the Kubernetes environment, the following additional fields will be created by default during the app installation process:
```

* `pod_labels_component`
* `pod_labels_environment`
* `pod_labels_webserver_system`
* `pod_labels_webserver_farm`

> For information on setting up fields, see [Sumo Logic Fields](/docs/manage/fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about setting up fields, refer to [Sumo Logic Fields](/docs/manage/fields).
```

> To learn more about setting up fields, refer to [Sumo Logic Fields](/docs/manage/fields).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information on setting up fields, see [Fields](/docs/manage/fields).
```

1. Sumo Logic Kubernetes collection will automatically start collecting logs from the pods having the annotations defined above.
1. Verify logs in Sumo Logic.

> 1. **FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Tomcat Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheTomcatWebserverFER**

Reviewer: @himanshu219 @sachin-sumologic Is this an additional step after verifying the logs? Like is it Step 6 in this section or a different paragraph.

Author: Good catch, this is not a next step it's independent paragraph
made changes accordingly

1. Sumo Logic Kubernetes collection will automatically start collecting logs from the pods having the annotations defined above.
1. Verify logs in Sumo Logic.

> <br/>**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Tomcat Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheTomcatWebserverFER**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<br/>**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Tomcat Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheTomcatWebserverFER**.
```

> <br />**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Tomcat Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheTomcatWebserverFER**
> <br />

Reviewer 3: These have to be closed. Can you please fix the other instances? There are about 9 or 10 if you scroll down.

```suggestion
<br/>**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Tomcat Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheTomcatWebserverFER**
<br/>
```

Reviewer 3: @sachin-sumologic

To help determine if the Apache Tomcat server is available and performing well, the [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors) are provided with out-of-box alerts.

## Installing Apache Tomcat Monitors

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

> Sumo Logic has provided pre-packaged alerts available through [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors) to help you proactively determine if an Apache Tomcat webserver farm is available and performing as expected. These monitors are based on metric and log data and include pre-set thresholds that reflect industry best practices and recommendations. For more information about individual alerts, see [Apache Tomcat Alerts](/docs/integrations/web-servers/apache-tomcat#apache-tomcat-alerts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumo Logic provides pre-configured alerts through [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors) to help you proactively determine if an Apache Tomcat webserver farm is available and performing as expected. These monitors are based on metric and log data and include pre-set thresholds that reflect industry best practices and recommendations. For more information about individual alerts, refer to [Apache Tomcat Alerts](#apache-tomcat-alerts).
```

> :::note permissions required

Reviewer: Delete this note, as it is modified and added in Alerts section.

To install these alerts, you need to have the [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting).
:::

> :::note

Reviewer: Delete this note, as it is modified and added in Alerts section

There are limits to how many alerts can be enabled. For more information, see [Monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors/create-monitor) for details.
:::

## Apache Tomcat Alerts

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note
- Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Apache Tomcat Alerts.
- You can only enable the set number of alerts. For more information, refer to [Monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors/create-monitor).
:::
```

> The alerts are built based on metrics datasets and have preset thresholds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To help determine if the Apache Tomcat server is available and performing well, the [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors) are provided with out-of-box alerts.

> ## Installing Apache Tomcat Monitors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installing Apache Tomcat monitors
```
